Minor post-release updates (#7506)
gfx-rs/wgpu: CHANGELOG.md

By @kpreid in [#7063](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/7063) and [#7342](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/7342).

#### `SHADER_F16` feature is now available with naga shaders

> Previously this feature only allowed you to use f16 on spirv passthrough shaders. Now you can use it on all shaders, including wgsl, spirv, and glsl!

Reviewer: style:

```suggestion
Previously this feature only allowed you to use `f16` on SPIR-V passthrough shaders. Now you can use it on all shaders, including WGSL, SPIR-V, and GLSL!
```
